TOOLS TO EXECUTE PYTHON
 Eclipse-PyDev
 PyCharm
 Eric
 NetBeans
 Sublime Text
 Visual Studio Code 

TOOL REQUIRED TO EXECUTE PYTHON IN DIFFERENT DOMAINS
1.Web and Internet Development
Package Index has yet more libraries:
Requests, a powerful HTTP client library.
BeautifulSoup, an HTML parser that can handle all sorts of oddball HTML.
Feedparser for parsing RSS/Atom feeds.
Paramiko, implementing the SSH2 protocol.
Twisted Python, a framework for asynchronous network programming.

2.Scientific and Numeric
SciPy is a collection of packages for mathematics, science, and engineering.
Pandas is a data analysis and modeling library.
IPython is a powerful interactive shell that features easy editing and recording of 
a work session,and supports visualizations and parallel computing.
The Software Carpentry Course teaches basic skills for scientific computing, running 
bootcamps and providing open-access teaching materials.


4.Desktop GUIs
wxWidgets
Kivy, for writing multitouch applications.
Qt via pyqt or pyside

5.Software Development
SCons for build control.
Buildbot and Apache Gump for automated continuous compilation and testing.
Roundup or Trac for bug tracking and project management.

6.Business Applications
Odoo is an all-in-one management software that offers a range of business applications that
 form a complete suite of enterprise management applications.
Tryton is a three-tier high-level general purpose application platform.


DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF PYTHON


PYTHON 2.X                            PYTHON 3.X
1.To get decimal results it is       1.No need to use floating value
preferred to use floating values       Ex. 5/2=2.5
ex. 5.0/2=2.5
    5/0=2

2.print function syntax              2.print function syntax
print(' ')                                print(' ')
print' '

3.it supports both unicode           3.It only supports unicode
and ASCHII

4.exception handling:no              4.exception handling:
'as' keyword in syntax                 'as' keyword in syntax



